gdrive: add gdrive_user_credentials_file description (#1192)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote.md

On the first usage of a GDrive [remote](/doc/command-reference/remote), for
example when trying to `dvc push` for the first time after adding the remote
with a [valid URL](#url-format), DVC will prompt you to visit a special Google

> authentication web page. There you'll need to sign into your Google account. The

Author: it's all a bit arguable. OAuth in the first place is about authorization more than authentication. But when you go through that page you do authenticate yourself, also that how they call it (the page itself) in some docs, or even in the CLI interface.

The most correct way would be probably `authentication page that will take to authorization after that` or something like that ...

[auth process](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v2/about-auth) will ask
you to grant DVC the necessary permissions, and produce a verification code
needed for DVC to complete the connection. On success, the necessary credentials
will be saved in a Git-ignored file, located in
`.dvc/tmp/gdrive-user-credentials.json` and they will be used automatically next

> time you run DVC.

Author: this is not exactly true, they can be used for multiple remotes if you don't specify an option gdrive_user_credentials_file

> `.dvc/tmp/gdrive-user-credentials.json` and they will be used automatically next
> time you run DVC.

Reviewer: Got it. But "run DVC" doesn't sound exact either. How about
```suggestion
`.dvc/tmp/gdrive-user-credentials.json` by default, and they will be loaded
automatically next time you use this or other GDrive remotes.
```
Maybe even continue this paragraph with the explanation about how to overwrite it, instead of a separate paragraph that repeats the file name.

⚠️ In order to prevent unauthorized access to your Google Drive, **do not share
these credentials with others**. Each team member should go through this process
individually.

If you use multiple GDrive remotes, by default they will be sharing the same

> `.dvc/tmp/gdrive-user-credentials.json` credentials file. It can be overridden

Reviewer: Maybe we don't need to repeat the file name since it's mentioned in in the previous paragraph (before the warning).

with the `gdrive_user_credentials_file` config setting (a correct value must be
either an absolute path or a path **relative to the config file location**):

```dvc

> $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_user_credentials_file tmp/myremote-credentials.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_user_credentials_file \
                    tmp/myremote-credentials.json
```

Reviewer: Maybe we don't need to repeat the file name since it's mentioned in in the previous paragraph (before the warning).

Author: > Maybe we don't need to repeat the file name since it's mentioned in in the previous paragraph (before the warning).

not sure I got it

Reviewer: Oh sorry that 2nd comment didn't belong here. This is just about the line break.

Reviewer: I see you applied this in content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md so I'm just going to commit this one too, and resolve. Thanks

```

⚠️ In order to prevent unauthorized access to your Google Drive, **never
commit** this file with Git. Instead, add it into `.gitignore` and never share
it with other people.

If you wish to change the user you have authenticated with, or for
troubleshooting misc. token errors, simply remove the user credentials JSON file
and authorize again.

> Alternatively, a `GDRIVE_CREDENTIALS_DATA` can be set to pass user credentials
> in CI/CD systems, production setup, read-only file systems, etc. Content of this
> variable should be a string with JSON that has the same format as in the
> credentials files described above and usually you get it going through the same
> authentication process. DVC reads this variable first, before the credentials
> file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, a `GDRIVE_CREDENTIALS_DATA` environment variable can be set to pass user credentials
to CI/CD systems, production environments, read-only file systems, etc. The content of this
variable should be a string with a JSON structure in the same format as in the
credentials files described above, which you usually get by going through the
authentication process. DVC attempts to read this variable first, before the credentials
file.
```

Reviewer: Not sure we need "which you usually get by going through the
authentication process". It's not easy to read and may be obvious.
